while I have put in my usual best effort
to remain cloistered the Apple Vision
Pro has been absolutely unavoidable in
the news if you're even remotely
connected to Tech so I already know all
kinds of stuff about this thing like
someone apparently got steamlink working
on it so you can play your games with a
gigantic screen the good news is
everything I've seen has made me more
excited about this device if you were
hoping for the PC guy just hates on the
thing you'll probably have to wait for
the review over on LT for now I just
want to see these displays and good Lord
have they ever done a good job of making
this thing feel like a few
thousand
wow look we develop a lot of merch
around here okay and this is a really
cool material I fix it has done a tear
down already which I'm sorry I couldn't
resist so I already know that removing
the
strap wow really is that easy which is
important for I don't know cleaning the
device and also for swapping out to one
of the other
straps that came off a bit more easily
than I was expecting to their credit
it's really easy to get aligned really
fast to put back in place and I do like
the magnetic Mount man the materials
they feel really good it's got almost
like a gel filled kind of feel for the
face cushion this is my first time
putting on a spatial
computer oh one sec okay I really wanted
that to go a lot more gracefully
it pumps against the bridge of the nose
a little bit there which could be a
concern for certain experience but if
you're using it to expand your Mac with
a virtual desktop then that's less
likely to be an issue and I've got to
say even though I have seen some users
talking about wearing it without the
light seal just to get it in closer to
their face and closer to their eyes to
help with the weight distribution and
the field of
view I don't really feel at least
initially like that's necessary maybe
part of it is that a lot of the press
and a lot of the users who are covering
this are not VR enthusiasts necessarily
but even though it's heavy what they've
done a really good job of is keeping the
weight in quite close to the face which
is something I talked about in my big
screen Beyond reval okay what else we
got in terms of accessories Does it
include a charger I love that some
reviewers complained about uh messing up
their hair not an issue for me baby uh
ah your size but more cushiony well
that's something I want to try I'll have
to see how it affects fov before I make
a decision but that is more comfortable
ah the other band so my understanding is
this one's a touch heavier but is a
little bit easier to kind of get it on
there let's try the Dual Loop band real
quick not going to lie guys there's no
denying that this costs a lot of money
but that doesn't necessarily mean that
it is overpriced we've known Apple has
been working on a mixed reality headset
for many years somebody's got to pay for
all that research and development and
like them or not this has got a Macbook
in it it's got an M2 processor with an 8
core CPU and 10 core GPU along with
their new R1 spatial processor which is
supposed to handle near zero latency
pass through I think they're claiming
about 12 milliseconds so that's less
than 1 frame per second at 60 HZ so it's
about one frame at 90 Herz I think
incredible that doesn't necessarily mean
it's worth spending the money on see
there's three different answers
potentially for this thing is it
expensive yes is it overpriced no is it
worth it that remains to be seen I
definitely like the face hug fit of the
default band but I can see how if you
were wearing it for a very extended
period of time this could be
goodish personally I prefer the angle to
go a little bit more to the back though
like a little bit more wrapping around
the back of the head I think this is the
first time in as long as I can remember
that I've actually done a proper for
unboxing and really looked at everything
that's in the box cuz I care see people
think I'm some kind of apple hater but
guys you can like a product without
necessarily agreeing with everything
that a company does I love my airpods
Pros look there it is a charging brick
so they can do it I mean all the laptops
come with charging bricks so I guess the
precedent is there for it unboxing the
battery the first thought that I have is
thank goodness this isn't also strapped
in your face uh this side uses that
hidden lightning connector we will never
be free of it Sim removable tool we pop
that out and then you've got a USBC
input that handles
charging for the compute displays that
are all in here Apple boasts that these
displays have a total of 23 million
pixels allowing you to use this not only
as a virtual private theater but even to
expand your desktop and use it for
productivity that is the use case I'm
most interested in we were just working
on a review of a foldable laptop and I
loved the idea of being able to quickly
do something or unfold my screen put it
on its little kickstand and really get
to work well that's basically this I'm
going to switch over to the other band
let's fire this thing up there's no way
that at the price this thing shouldn't
come with a carrying case that includes
lens protectors that is an essential
accessory especially when you consider
that Apple obviously knows that because
they do include a protector for the
front like they don't mind if you damage
it in a way that affects the user
experience but heaven forbid you damage
it in a way affects how good it looks to
other people while you're wearing it
just Apple priorities man everything
about this comp anyway doesn't matter
the point is let's fire it up please
tell me it makes the Mac boot up sound
please tell me it makes the Mac boot up
sound please tell me it makes the Mac
boot up sound it does nothing if you
don't plug in the battery one moment
please hey little appal
logo man the iix it te on of this thing
is something else all the different
layers that they had to put into this
front glass to achieve that look oo not
going to lie would have preferred the
old boom there's a massive array of
infrared LEDs and IR cameras inside to
help with eye tracking so that's going
to be one of the big pros and cons of
this device Pro you don't need
controllers con you don't have
controllers at least for the time being
all right press and hold to the line
whoa it automatically adjusts the ipd
for
you this pass through
is incredible I really want to adjust
this angle right here and I cannot it
doesn't it's sitting really hard against
here there it is Boom here it goes green
cap you guys get to see what I'm seeing
now saw quite a few complaints about the
field of view you know what obviously
it's not as good as the top headsets on
the market but to their credit Apple
doesn't have nearly as much internal old
pancake lens glare as I saw on the big
screen Beyond and if that's the price
they had to pay I'm okay with it oh man
we got cargo pants coming LTD store.com
boom Apple Vision Pro pocket got them oh
wait wait hold on hold on hold on please
oh my God this pocket's perfect for
it we're ahead of the curve
baby coming soon okay what are we doing
all right dbrand is offering you a
unique opportunity of double or nothing
our sponsor money if you're able to
dodge all of these things that I throw
at you what while you're wearing the
Apple Vision Pro I'm going to dodge them
all okay I accept the challenge I got a
cable will manage myself we're going
back to headphones boys the very thing
Apple swore to kill
okay okay well that was easy oh you
couldn't hit the broadside of a barn
brother
right oh you know what this is too
easy who you can't do that whoa whoa
whoa why you throwing 3D printed
trophies at me that's all I got I expect
Double D brand I assume dbrand also
wanted us to pimp their overpriced
stickers right they are not supporting
The Vision Pro because I don't know then
you couldn't have the creepy pass
through eyes effect hey but iPhones
MacBooks consoles all kinds of other
devices really short.com man why am I so
gassed hey here we go let's get
creepy oh my God I'm
you stop
stop this is great hi I'm Jake pance I
have a deep voice subscribe to short tur
I I can't even fake it refine your hands
up okay
sure capture complete oh boy I have a
feeling uh back on to continue got a
feeling that's not going to look too
good so you're you're going to notice oh
that is is terrible do I look like that
I mean they really captured my totally
crooked eyes so that's an
accomplishment check this out Belle well
I'll see you in the FaceTime oh yeah
okay okay yeah okay okay
facetime that is really something you
know it does look like you
oh well that's a
disappointment oh yeah oh I didn't know
that you can see my hand
so if I was like this then yeah thanks
thanks for your compliments knowing
Apple I'm surprised they don't censor it
you know how they like censor stuff if
you dictate to Siri and it has swear
words in it hello call controls at some
[Music]
point looking at the dot does not bring
up the controls I have to look at the
call can I actually resize it
myself doesn't really look like it
why this reminds me of how when you're
viewing a picture and Apple's photos app
you can only zoom in so far and then
it'll just be like no why who cares just
let me make it bigger I want to I want a
giant movie theater size Jake bellans
here we go here we go this I'm pretty
excited wow does that ever look
good holy crap
balls oh micro OLED baby baby got those
deep blacks that resolution
though wow now we saw some cool stuff at
CES this year around future micro OLED
Tech in terms of brightness and pixel
density that is going to make this even
better but today right now that is
pretty usable you can only have one
window why oh you know what it's
probably a link speed issue cuz that's
pretty high res so this one I get cuz
you're wirelessly linked I can see why
they don't want you putting up like four
different monitors it would just choke
the connection out but there are some
arbitrary limitations uh like the fact
that Bluetooth keyboards work Bluetooth
magic Trackpad works but Bluetooth mice
apparently don't work at least
officially okay I want I want to watch
can I watch an HDR video now just a gosh
darn second here I want my audio to come
through this it's it's not showing up is
there any way to interact with this with
gestures
doesn't really look like it seems like I
just have to use the trackpad which if
all you really want is a gigantic
virtual display I mean mission
accomplished I guess right okay let's
say I wanted to browse my photos now
though so I could move this I don't know
over here so now can I
just oh yeah there it is and it acts
like a little iPad accessibility dot
mouse thing oh okay spatial o spatial
video of a car oo
ah it makes sense that something so far
away would have less depth to
it in this case I don't think the
spatial of it is really adding a lot but
this Vista ooh this picture though this
panoramic picture that is cool that's
less like I remember taking this picture
that's more like I remember when I was
there very cool I would like to watch an
HDR video oh wait this is not available
in Canada yet it's Avil
anywh figures give me that
HDR can I can I use
this oh no I I unpaired it hold on let's
see if I can
hello no I don't know I thought maybe if
I tap at
NFC I'm kidding
relax it's really a shame that the
MacBook display doesn't stay lit oh I
want to change my environment I want to
be in VR so I can really see the Deep
blacks of this OLED can you can you just
put it in just VR mode no what if I just
block the
cameras then it's just the inside of my
hand oh yeah there we go okay I'm 100%
on the moon now good gravy is this
display ever good still work to do for
text if you're used to you know a retina
display or something like that
not the best I've seen for automatic
background removal but it's still
solid here we go
HDR um why is it defaulting to 720 fine
720 videos that we end up making almost
entirely by accident meet the Alexa 35
on AR's website they brag that most big
production are that's pretty have a hard
time figuring exactly the eye tracking
is pretty amazing something to note guys
is the Vision Pro uses fiated rendering
meaning it renders at a higher
resolution where you are looking so in
our screen capture if you're looking
where I'm not looking it might be a
little blurrier your mileage May
[Music]
VAR there's just a couple more first
impression things the speakers did not
wow me I would use my airpods pros and
in the time that I've been sitting here
using it we managed to use about a
quarter of the
battery that's not bad if all I want to
do is just experience it for a little
bit but it's not going to be great if
you're trying to get through a workday
with oh it's warm wait did you see my
eyes in the past through thing it's
pretty hard to see oh okay apparently
there's a lot of Reflections hello lonus
I'm here in the void can you see me oh
wow and I can see your eyes it's weirdly
3D okay it's like looking at a 3DS
screen cool you know what else you can
do a little bit subscribe to short
circuit and make sure you're subscribe
to LTT for the full review I'll be
spending realistically a while on this
is it going to be worth switching to a
Macbook guess I'm going to find out